Hey Jackie, how are you doing today
I am good!  I just got out of my psychology lecture.  It was so boring!  I am glad I am done for the day.  How are you doing?  Did you just get out of class too?
No, I have been out of class since early this afternoon, and I have been reading this new book I just bought.  Have you ever heard of the author John Grisham?
Yeah!  John Grisham is a lawyer who has written a lot of books based on his knowledge and experience with the legal system like The Client. His books are very easy to read, and they give a lot of information on how the legal system works.
Yeah, The Client is one of my favourite books!  I love Mark Sway and Reggie Love, the two main characters of the novel.  For an eleven-year-old kid, Mark is old beyond his years and so streetwise. John Grishams special sense of humour has made his characters very entertaining and the book much more interesting to read. Have you read The Chamber?
The Chamber is a pretty good book too. The story about a grandson who tried to save the grandfather he has never really known gave me an insight on how the legal system works in the case of capital punishment. This story was somber, and it was written in a more serious tone.
John Grisham really knows how to adapt his writing style to each situation. That is probably one of the reasons for his success.
John Grisham’s success is an example of the importance of education. Even though his parents were poor and did not have a decent education, his mother put a lot of emphasis on his education and pushed him to go to college.
I have to agree with you on that.  Education is one of the best tools to achieve success in life.  That is the reason why we are still in school, right?
Right. But, why the sudden interest in John Grisham, Lisa
Well, I read his first book, and I found it very interesting.  So, I kept on reading his books. I already have a collection of all his work.
He has written at least twenty books. Did you read all of them? Did you have that much free time?
No, I only read his legal fiction books. I have not touched any of  his non-legal fiction or his non-fiction books.
I see that you are very interested in learning about the legal system.
Yes, very much. I find it fascinating. However, not enough to change my major from psychology to law yet.
Maybe you should follow John Grishams example. He is a lawyer, and he writes novels about the legal system. You can finish your studies in psychology, and then write novels based on your expertise in psychology.
That is a good idea. However, do you think I am creative enough to be able to weave all sorts of stories like John Grisham? That would require a lot of talent, and I do not know whether I have it in me.
You never know unless you try. Anyways, people say, “where there is a will, there is a way, right?
And, there is also writer’s block. Those moments when you sit in front of the computer, ready to put your story in writing, and yet, your mind is completely blank. You keep on trying and trying, and nothing comes. I mean, absolutely nothing.
Still, you never know unless you try, Lisa. Oh, it is almost 3 o’clock!  I need to run, or I will miss the bus. See you later, Lisa! Lisa: Bye, Jackie! Talk to you later!