Good Morning, John. I am Mike.
Good Morning.
How are you doing?
I am doing fine. Thank you.
How was the traffic coming over here?
I am so glad that the traffic was light this morning. No traffic jam and no accidents.
That is good. John, let’s start the interview. Are you ready?
Yes, I am.
First of all, let me properly introduce myself. I am the Finance Department Manager. As you know there is an open position in my department, and I need to fill this position as soon as possible.
Please, tell me a little bit about the position.
It is an entry-level position. The new employee will have to work closely with the Accounting department. He will also have to deal with the bank on a daily basis.
What type of qualifications do you require?
I require a four-year college degree in Finance. Some working experience would be helpful.
What kind of experience are you looking for?
Doing office work is good. However, since this is an entry-level position, I do not require a lot of experience. I am willing to train the new person.
That is great!
John, tell me a little bit about yourself.
I was a student at West Coast University, and I just graduated with a Bachelor degree in Finance. I have been working part-time as a payroll clerk for the last two years.
What are you looking for in a job?
The job should help me see what Finance is all about. I have learned a lot of Finance theories at school, and now it is time for me to put them into practice.
Anything else?
I also hope that it will help me grow in my field.
What are your strengths? Why should I hire you?
I am a hard-working person and a fast learner. I am very eager to learn, and I get along fine with people.
OK. Now, let me ask you a few quick questions. You do not mind working long hours, do you?
No, I do not.
Can you handle pressure?
Yes, I can. When I was going to school, I took quite a few courses each semester while working at least twenty hours every week. And, I handled that situation very well.
Do you still have any questions for me?
No, I think I have a pretty good understanding of the job. I believe that I can handle it with ease, and I hope to have the opportunity to work for you.
John, nice meeting you. Thank you for coming.
Nice meeting you too. Thank you for seeing me.